Instructor: The next thing we're going to work on
is allowing the parent component of modal page
to better customize the content displayed inside the modal.
So, inside of our modal window,
we might have some content up here at the top
with some information we want to provide to the user,
and then down towards the bottom,
we might have a series of different buttons
the user can click on to maybe say
that they accept something, they decline something,
a cancel button, and so on.
The modal component isn't really going to know
what components need to be shown.
So, we're going to allow the modal page to customize
both of these different areas independently.
To customize the content at the top right here,
we're gonna have our modal page
pass down a prop called children.
And then, to customize the content at the bottom,
we're gonna pass it onto a prop called actionBar.
It's called actionBar because this is kind of a bar of area
where a user is going to commit some action
like clicking on a button or something like that.
So inside of our modal page component,
we're gonna pass down these two props.
And then inside the modal,
we just need to make sure we show those on the screen.
Both these props are gonna be something renderable
so a string, a number, a react component, JSX, so on.
Okay, so to get started inside of modal page dot js,
I'm gonna find where we create our modal right here.
We're gonna have to add in a good amount of props to this.
So to just make my code a little bit more legible,
I'm going to extract that modal component right there.
So I'm gonna cut it and then define modal up here, like so.
Then at the show modal and, I'll put in reference
that variable I just created.
So I only did this just to give myself a little bit
more space to work with
so I can more easily pass in some props to this component.
To pass in the children prop,
I'm going to delete the closing forward slash right there.
I'm going to delete the semicolon
and then put in a closing modal like so.
Now inside of here, I could add in
maybe a paragraph element and say,
"here is an important agreement for you to accept."
So this is my children prop.
We need to receive it inside the modal
and display it inside of the modal window.
I then want to add in some actionBar, some kind of button
or something like that that the user can click on.
So I'm also gonna put in an actionBar prop right here.
And this is going to have a string, a number,
or some JSX that we're gonna show at the bottom
of that white window.
So I'll put in for right now.
How about another button element?
I'll give this the text of "I accept."
And how about primary?
Now right away, this is getting kind of hard to read
with this really long prop right here.
So I think maybe we should also extract this
into a separate variable.
So I'm gonna take that button right there, cut it
and then right above our modal variable,
I'll create a new variable called actionBar.
And I'll have this be a div
that shows the button inside of it.
And then I can use this actionBar variable,
pass it off to the actionBar prop.
Okay, let's save this right now.
We'll then go into our modal component.
We're gonna make sure that we make use
of the children prop and the actionBar prop.
So inside of modal.js,
I will receive children and actionBar.
Then inside the div with the class name
of "absolute inset 40", I'm going to delete the text
of "I'm a Modal" and replace it
with Children and actionBar.
Now, in just a little bit, we're gonna add in
some more elements and styling inside of here
to provide more separation between children and actionBar.
So right now it might seem a little bit pointless
to have these two separate props.
Don't worry. We're gonna address that in a little bit.
Alright, so let's save with these files back over
inside the browser.
I can now open the modal
and I'll see here's an important agreement
for you to accept. And then the "I accept" button.
Okay, so that definitely looks good.
Off to a good start.
Right now if I click on the "I accept" button,
nothing happens.
We probably want to make sure that the modal gets closed.
So to do so, back inside of modal page.
Here's modal page.
Here's where we create that button that says "I accept".
So to make sure that whenever user clicks on this thing,
we close the modal,
we can add on a click event handler to this
that's going to update the show modal piece of state.
In fact, we already have a click event handler
that does exactly that called handle Close.
So let's just pass that off to the button element.
So I'll put in an "on click handle close".
Alright, one more save.
Now if I refresh open the modal, I can click on
"I accept" and it goes away.
Looks good.